OSDOCS-11777: Add to the "No CNI plugin" page to be more similar to our competing services pages (#82773)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-cli-no-cni-plugin.adoc

. Check the status of your cluster by running the following command:
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
When you first log in to the cluster after it reaches `ready` status, the nodes will still be in the `not ready` state until you install your own CNI plugin. After CNI installation, the nodes will change to `ready`. 

> ====

Reviewer: Could this be right after the command block, so that it doesn't interrupt the "by running the following command:"?

====
If the installation fails or the `State` field does not change to `ready` after more than 10 minutes, check the installation troubleshooting documentation for details. For more information, see _Troubleshooting installations_. For steps to contact Red Hat Support for assistance, see _Getting support for Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS_.
====

. Track the progress of the cluster creation by watching the {product-title} installation program logs. To check the logs, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa logs install --cluster=<cluster_name> --watch <1>
----
<1> Optional: To watch for new log messages as the installation progresses, use the `--watch` argument.

> == Expected behavior for clusters without a CNI plugin

Reviewer: Add unique ID to heading.

> Although {hcp-title} cluster installation is complete, the cluster cannot operate without a CNI plugin. For example, the pods do not function, the web console does not operate, and no cluster metrics are available. This is _expected behavior_ until you install a CNI provider.

Reviewer 2: I'd say the same thing as follows to align with customer intents.

.... the cluster cannot operate without a CNI plugin. Because the nodes will not be ready, the workloads can not be deployed. For example, the OpenShift cluster console will not be available so to log into the cluster you must use OpenShift CLI (OC); similarly, other OpenShift components such as HA-Proxy based ingress controller, image registry and prometheus-based monitoring stack will not be running.

> Although {hcp-title} cluster installation is complete, the cluster cannot operate without a CNI plugin. Because the nodes are not ready, the workloads cannot deploy. For example, the OpenShift cluster console is not available, so you must use OpenShift CLI (OC) to log in to the cluster. Additionally, other OpenShift components such as the HA-Proxy-based Ingress Controller, image registry, and prometheus-based monitoring stack are not running. This is _expected behavior_ until you install a CNI provider.

Reviewer: * Use `{product-title}`. Also I feel like "[web console](https://82773--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-rosa/latest/web_console/web-console-overview)" is more common.
* Use `{oc-first}`.
* Not sure about my "HAProxy-based Ingress Controller" spelling suggestion, but that's how I see it in [a few spots](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/machine_management/creating-infrastructure-machinesets.html#infrastructure-components_creating-infrastructure-machinesets) around the repo.
* [Repo guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference) technically do allow underscores for emphasis, but typically should be saved for first instances of a new term. Not sure the emphasis is super critical here.
```suggestion
Although {hcp-title} cluster installation is complete, the cluster cannot operate without a CNI plugin. Because the nodes are not ready, the workloads cannot deploy. For example, the {product-title} cluster web console is not available, so you must use the {oc-first} to log in to the cluster. Additionally, other OpenShift components such as the HAProxy-based Ingress Controller, image registry, and prometheus-based monitoring stack are not running. This is expected behavior until you install a CNI provider.
```
Also maybe break up the paragraph, if you like:

```suggestion
Although {hcp-title} cluster installation is complete, the cluster cannot operate without a CNI plugin. Because the nodes are not ready, the workloads cannot deploy. For example, the {product-title} cluster web console is not available, so you must use the {oc-first} to log in to the cluster.

Additionally, other OpenShift components such as the HAProxy-based Ingress Controller, image registry, and prometheus-based monitoring stack are not running. This is expected behavior until you install a CNI provider.
```

====
If the installation fails or the `State` field does not change to `ready` after more than 10 minutes, check the installation troubleshooting documentation for details. For more information, see _Troubleshooting installations_. For steps to contact Red Hat Support for assistance, see _Getting support for Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS_.
====

. Track the progress of the cluster creation by watching the {product-title} installation program logs. To check the logs, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa logs install --cluster=<cluster_name> --watch <1>
----
<1> Optional: To watch for new log messages as the installation progresses, use the `--watch` argument.

> [id="rosa-hcp-no-cni-expected-behavior"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="rosa-hcp-no-cni-expected-behavior_{context}"]
```
